EZ Necklastic Neckline Repair Kit (Enough for Twenty T-Shirts)
HIGH QUALITY ELASTIC
EZNecklastic Fixes stretched out necklines on shells and t-shirts
Prevents neckline on new or used t-shirts from stretching out
No sewing machine needed, anyone can do it
Takes just minutes to complete. Simple, clear step by step instructions included
Product description
EZNecklastic is a new innovative method for repairing stretched out necklines on t-shirts. The simple step by step instructions will show you how to easily insert the included ultra-thin, transparent, stretchy, & good memory elastic through the neckline, using just your bare hands and the included dull-pointed needle. Kit includes 15 meters of elastic (enough for aprox. 20 necklines), needle, & clear instructions.
Top Customer Reviews

5.0 out of 5 starsGreat product. Very smart and innovative
ByAon August 2, 2016
Verified Purchase
Great product. Very smart and innovative. A great way to make sure shirts and shells don't lose its shape. I also use it for sleeves that can rise above my elbow. The ezlastic stays in, it is very good quality. The seller was also very nice, I lost the needle (it was totally my fault) and they are sending me another one!
Comment|Was this review helpful to you?
Yes
No
Report abuse
5.0 out of 5 starsExcellent product!
ByAmazon Customeron August 9, 2016
Verified Purchase
I love this product! It is simple and fast to use. The instructions are clear. The needles are easy to hold and use. The elastic is very good quality, thin but strong. I had a lot of shells with stretched out necks and this kit was a big money saver. I bought one kit and then re-ordered more. Thank you.
Is this elastic flat like floss?
Answer: No, it's round. 
By Baltimore mother on March 23, 2017
its round like regular string, and it is rubbery that if you stretch it, it will not rip. 
By Jay on April 19, 2017
No it is round. Thank you for inquiring about our product. Please feel free to ask any other questions you might have. 
By Greatest Products & Sales SELLER  on March 24, 2017
No, it's definitely thicker. 
By Fay on March 23, 2017
 Submit
Collapse all answers
 Vote Up
0 
votes
Vote Down
Question: Can this make necklines smaller, or just prevent stretching? If I want to make a neckline a bit smaller, will there be wrinkles?
Answer: Yes, it is used extensively to make necklines smaller & is a primary purpose of the product. It will not bunch (i.e. wrinkle) if you follow the instructions. The key is to make the 2 stitches, as per instructions. This allows the neckline to be pulled in mostly from the back so that the front is very smooth looking. … see more 
By Greatest Products & Sales SELLER  on May 9, 2017
It can do either one, depending on how tight you pull it. If you're making the neckline significantly smaller, there will be wrinkles, but if only a bit smaller, there should not be wrinkles. 
By Baltimore mother on May 9, 2017